what what do you what do you
want the future of space if you
want what i really want the guys
really want to what I want to
know if there's life on Mars I
think that's the single most
important question in all of
science right now not just
biology not just astrophysics
and allow me to broaden that to
say you we want to know if this
life anywhere other than Earth
of course yeah but the place to
go to answer the question
butterly definitively is Mars at
least we can get a confirmed
sure
yes or no in much less than 20
years and we don't need to send
astronauts this can be done
order pursuant automatically I
want to know what the dark
energy is and i want to know
what the dark matter is because
future of science but i'm
talking about going places in
space if we're going to explore
the solar system Europa Ganymede
and Callisto or obvious places
wrong and how you make nice to
see water of the Earth Moon and
more than that and what's the
fishing like there if you get
our your eid ins and running
around under the ice
I have one of the headmaster III
Charlie you said Charlie I said
Charlie what are NASA's greatest
accomplishments and what do you
see for the future of this
always find out why I feel so
good about this agency today is
because I honestly have you
because you're running it by the
native creatures are ya but we
do something something something
there's something we don't do as
well as we should do
okay you're watching you're
going to my watching but in
terms of technological
achievement nobody can match us
in terms of an inch achievement
and exploration we are on Mars
we are on the moon
you know when Voyager left the
solar system pageonce rom for
the first time in the history of
humanity not only had we visited
every single planet in the solar
system with some NASA instrument
but for the first time in the
history of humanity we had a
man-made vehicle that had left
our solar system that's a big
deal
Charlie I don't care what else
your agency's doing when are you
gonna give us the flying cars
come on where we
the one of those for me are
trying to enable industry to do
that and we're already
collaborating with with
companies i won't give him any
adverse minister on autonomous
automobiles whether they're
going to fly or not I don't know
but we're learning where we're
collaborating with them because
what they're learning about
autonomous vehicles we're trying
to apply to autonomous flight of
unmanned aerial systems you know
how do we make airplanes more
efficient so there's a lot of
collaboration going on so i
won't be NASA that brings us
flying cars but industry
hopefully one of these days may
develop it as a result of the
collaboration with us okay so
stop writing you letters about
that
no no don't stop writing me
letters I mean it's important
that's the way we determine what
what what the public wants and
start with the hoverboard maybe
the hard work would blow up
except that for and move on